Majority of people who present their opinions against marriage want to get married at some point of time. There's a prevalent saying in Hindi based on this which goes "Shaadi ka Laddu, jo khaay woh pachtaaye, jo na khaay woh bhi pachtaaye, isiliye behtar hai ki khaake pachtaao". This shows that almost everyone wants to get married but its not just about choice, its a must to get married and why's that? I'll be sharing with you today.








Marriage is a culturally recognised union between people, called spouses.
You can share your day to day experience with each other, all your secrets, your  problems and your happiness. Its about finding the Mr./Ms. Right for you who loves you, cares for you, shares your interests and concerns and with whom you can be yourself in your comfort zone. Marriage life is full of different phases and surprises compared to the monotonous life you get to live alone. "Agar aap chahte ho aapki life ka har aane wala pal aapke liye kuch naya laay, yaar shaadi kar lo." 
The relations of parents, siblings and other relatives are left behind at some point of time but the relation of husband and wife is something which stays till the end of the line. Marriage ensures a feeling of security to have someone by your side in your old age.

Marriage is a gut feeling. When you meet someone and your conscience says this is the one I wish to grow old with. A partner with whom we can fight and he/she comes and cheers us up and apologises. A partner who gives a rose and says I will be with you till death do us part. Marriage provides them with the freedom to make fundamental decisions about their intimate relations, to express their personalities and to establish their families.

Going over to a more practical approach, it's scientifically proven that married couples have less chance of going into depression as compared to sole individuals. Studies reveal that married cancer patients have more chances of survival. After marriage, people tend to be more responsible and engage in less risky behaviour. Marriage provides you various leave benefits in scenarios as such your spouse is ill or one of her family members is serious. But the most beautiful fruit of marriage is a child. A child brings out the best in you. Child gives us an opportunity to shape a human being from its core and it allows us to continue our legacy. There would be many saying children can be adopted without marriage as well but we can't ignore the conservative society we live in and how much frowned upon this approach is.

Even the character of Bunny in YJHD who kept on saying "Shaadi is like Daal-chaval for the whole life" realized at the end that no matter how much you plan to enjoy your life and make yourself happy, if you don't have someone to share it with, there is no point of it.
We are here to live this life so why not live it to the fullest. And a small word like marriage adds meaning to your whole life.
